hey what's up everybody microphone
everybody reviews because they were
looking at a legacy collection Darth
Maul um hi son this has been out for a
while because it was on clearance at
walmart this is a walmart exclusive by
the way so but hey it's Darth Maul I'm
actually lucky to find this guy I've
always wanted a dar small this is my
very first Darth Maul so awesome look at
look at that mean old face like that
yeah me no food so yeah awesome figure
now one thing i don't like about this is
the cloak i have never ever liked the
cloaks on these smaller figures because
they just don't work the hood doesn't
sit on the head right it doesn't doesn't
go back see just pops right back up it's
just not well made for these smaller
figures so what you do is just take it
off and have him you know battle ready
for fight with the jedis like we see an
episode 1 so this is probably one of my
favorites it's I have a feeling the
entire series kind of sucks they killed
him off so quickly but hey what are you
gonna do with George Lucas right he
knows what he's doing but yeah there he
goes as a lightsaber and everything
already ready to rock and roll rock and
roll now the special thing about
this 2-pack here is it comes with a
droid i-five yq is the droids named
basically just a repaint / retool of
c-3po and when I say retool I mean it
comes with disc with this disc you know
it looks like the else part type of
thing that comes out of his chest and it
doesn't even say what it is so I love
about these star wars figures they never
even say anything about the weapons are
and whatever you know the stuff that
comes with the figure they never say
anything about them but you know what I
don't know the heck that is a hologram
was that
so we're freaks tell me what it is no no
not freaks start war nerds tell me what
it is just kidding so you know c-3po or
i5 yq this actually has better
articulation and c3po but the 1i have
anyway there was a c-3po I have doesn't
even bend at the elbows nice trip that's
not all the threepio's but whatever so
you know starting to bend the elbows
pretty good articulation I'm not going
to really go over this figure whole lot
so Darth Maul mr. Darth Maul here now
let's take a saber out his head can go
360 go out at the shoulder turn it the
shoulder turn the forearm right there
and at the elbow can also bend at the
elbow is a torso articulation right
there let's go forward go back down to
knee turn the knee turn at the ankle um
with this figure I think and he's a
little bit more leg articulation the
legs should be able to go out because he
is a the way he moves like in the movies
he's a freaking ninja for goodness sake
so a little bit more articulation in
legs you know I'm a beer in the hands
and arms of what not just a little bit
more so but whatever you know I'm happy
with the figure I'm glad I got a dar
small been a long time 11 years and I've
been wanting to Darth Maul and I finally
found one so well there he is Darth Maul
hope you guys enjoyed the review all
right okay see you guys later